c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.exe
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.deps.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.pdb
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\Catalog.styles.css
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\Catalog.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.pdb
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.exe
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.deps.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.pdb
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\Catalog.styles.css
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\Catalog.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\Catalog.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.pdb
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\obj\Debug\net5.0\Catalog.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\AWSSDK.SecurityToken.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\DnsClient.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\MongoDB.Libmongocrypt.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\SharpCompress.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\Snappier.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\ZstdSharp.dll
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux\native\libmongocrypt.so
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\osx\native\libmongocrypt.dylib
c:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Escritorio\backend projects\Catalog\BackendCatalog\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win\native\mongocrypt.dll
